if you go to college you're going to find some teachers no really click
with you we gonna find some teachers who are the boring side in every
field you'll find some teach who have their own personal issues
are working through that don't make him a good fit to to if you're a
large state school like I went to you can almost always find a different
professor in that area and usually there are institutions organizations
that publish this guy's good teacher was Mister so you can
change if you have a really bad teacher but mostly you'll find the
teachers your carpet and they have something to teach you and something
you can learn from them so I think that's true we coasted difficulty
I think again you have to learn to be within years I've never been
a runner Ike would never be able to run a marathon I hate running
where that had to do it in the service it has been painful to me I've
been able to do it but I just don't like it so for me to go into
physical education and try to teach people how to be long distance
runners would be a bad choice I think all of us need to look at our
own capabilities physical mental organizational and say if it's really
difficult for me then maybe I should I'm in the wrong field if I
have to be able to do this to be in this field why would I think I'd
be happier once again those who so maybe a different feel choice to
be the right thing to do I don't mean you need to Dodge every challenge
it comes to your life but you have to be honest with yourself some
and pick a different way